science fiction has never imagined so
strange or terrifying a story as that of
the village of Midwich England cut off
from life as we know it by some
mysterious force and later at one at the
same time a child was born to every
woman in the village children that grew
to look like this beautiful youngsters
behind whose fiery hypnotic eyes lurked
the demon forces of another world
they're not human they'd all be
destroyed forces put to such sinister
use that it became a national emergency
we are gathered here as advisors of
scientists as government experts we
established anything about the origins
of these children there is a possibility
of the transmission of energy let me get
this straight you imply that these
children may be the result of impulses
directed towards us from somewhere in
the universe what we need is time to
investigate are you aware of life on
another planet
why you so nervous with an aircraft
flies above you until recently we
haven't been able to make our control
reach as far as a high aircraft and now
you have is that it today their control
reaches out into space
tomorrow will it girdle the globe
there's nothing you can do to stop us
leave us alone
you